# SURFnet SURFconext Engineblock v1.6.0 Release Notes #

This release contains configuration improvements, the Profile page and multi-group provider support.

For a detailed list of stories implemented see:
[https://wiki.surfnetlabs.nl/display/coin2011/Product+Backlog+DONE]

Pre-update actions
------------------

* Configuration improvements.
  - Environment specific configuration items are now exptected to be in /etc/surfconext/engineblock.ini
    if this file does not already exist, please make it (preferably by copying docs/example.engineblock.ini)
    and make sure all settings in it (including your environment id) are properly set.

* New logging directory
  - The logging directory has been changed from /var/log/coin/ to /var/log/surfconext.
    Make sure this directory exists and is writable for EngineBlock.

* Virtual host modifications
    - WARNING: the 'engineblock/www/public' no longer exists as of this version.
      It has been renamed to 'authentication'.
      Also a new 'endpoint' was added called 'profile'.

    - The public endpoint is renamed to authentication, so the DocumentRoot for the
      engine.{dev,test,acc,prod}.surfconext.nl vhost should be renamed to
      
      /opt/www/engineblock/www/authentication

    - Additional virtual host for the profile page
      Add an additional HTTPS virtual host for the profile interface should be added.
      For the guidelines of the virtual host configuration see the README.md file in the docs folder.
      However, set the DocumentRoot to the following location:

        DocumentRoot    /opt/www/engineblock/www/profile

    - Specify the environment

       SetEnv ENGINEBLOCK_ENV *REPLACE WITH ENVIRONMENT FROM YOUR ENGINEBLOCK.INI*

    - Add the following alias:

        Alias /simplesaml LOCATION_OF_ENGINEBLOCK/library/simplesamlphp/www

    - Add the following rewrites:

        # If the requested url does not map to a file or directory, then forward it to index.php/URL.
        # Note that it MUST be index.php/URL because Corto uses the PATH_INFO server variable
        RewriteCond %{DOCUMENT_ROOT}%{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
        RewriteCond %{DOCUMENT_ROOT}%{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d
        RewriteCond %{REQUEST_URI} !^/(simplesaml.*)$
        RewriteRule ^(.*)$ /index.php/$1 [L] # Send the query string to index.php

        # Requests to the domain (no query string)
        RewriteRule ^$ index.php/ [L]

* Additional properties
    - Add the following properties for the profile virtual host (Use Engineblock as the IdP):

        ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
        ;;;;;;;;;;;; PROFILE AUTH SETTINGS ;;;;;;;;;;;;
        ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

        ; The configuration entries below are for protecting the profile interface using SimpleSamlphp
        ; EntityID for the IdentityProvider
        auth.simplesamlphp.idp.entityId   = ""

        ; SingleSignOnLocation to use
        auth.simplesamlphp.idp.location   = ""

        ; SAML2 binding to use
        auth.simplesamlphp.idp.binding    = "urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:bindings:HTTP-Redirect"

        ; PEM encoded public key / certificate for Identity Provider
        auth.simplesamlphp.idp.cert       = ""

Post-update actions
-------------------

* The Profile part of EngineBlock is now a Service Provider, as such it's endpoint:
  
    https://profile.surfconext.nl/simplesaml/module.php/saml/sp/saml2-acs.php/default-sp

  should be added to the Service Registry.
