# SURFnet SURFconext v3.7.0 Release Notes #

Feature/Bugfix release

* BACKLOG-1214 Move libraries to vendor dir
    This moves all dependencies out of the library dir instead composer will load them. Also various other autoloading code is removed or simplified.
    This change requires the following to be changed after installation:

    Change all alias paths like
    Alias /simplesaml LOCATION_OF_ENGINEBLOCK/library/simplesamlphp/www

    To:
    Alias /simplesaml LOCATION_OF_ENGINEBLOCK/vendor/simplesamlphp/simplesamlphp/www

    for the following vhosts
    - profile
    - vomanage

* BACKLOG-540 Browser caching issues after updating WAYF
    During the making of a release the CSS and JS files are minified and concatenated. The minified cs.min.cs and js.min.js files are placed in the 
    generated folder and the location (there is a timestamp in the folder name) is placed in assets.json. For the environments demo / dev  and test the regular - not minified - files are served form the usual location. For all other environments (e.g. acc and prod) the pre-compiled files are served.

    The change has only be implemented for EngineBlock (not Profile and VoManage) as there is conflicting css between EngineBlock and Profile / VoManage.

    The list of CSS and JS files that are being used is DRY and located in OpenConext-engineblock/bin/assets_pipelines.php

* BACKLOG-1095 Consent screen improvements
    See https://wiki.surfnetlabs.nl/display/conextdocumentation/Consent+screen+improvements for a detailed description of the changes and new layout.

* BACKLOG-522 Extend WAYF to bottom of page so more institution are visible by default.
    Part of the refactoring to show a scrollable list without an internal scrollpane

* BACKLOG-704 Selecting a language in the WAYF shows the HELP screen, but not the WAYF
    Part of the refactoring of the WAYF

* BACKLOG-998
    Fixed by the refactoring of the WAYF and updating the JQuery version from 1.5.1 to 1.10.2