# SURFnet SURFconext EngineBlock v1.11.0 Release Notes #

* About this release, what is the main focus *

Notable issues resolved with this release:
* Deprecated LiquiBase database versioning in favor of DbPatch. Note, next release will remove LiquiBase
* Response Caching
* Implicit VOs
* Show the attributes that are released to each SP (https://jira.surfconext.nl/jira/browse/BACKLOG-95)
* Deprovisioning of users
* Alternative signing certificate for Engineblock
* Alternative signing certificate for SP's / IdP's

For a detailed list of issues resolved see:
[https://jira.surfconext.nl/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&jqlQuery=project+%3D+BACKLOG+AND+status+in+%28Resolved%2C+Closed%2C+Review%2C+Test%29]

Pre-update actions
------------------

Update the Service Registry.
Log in to the Service Registry.
For every SP do the following:
* Edit the SP
* Go to the "Identity Provider (IdP)" tab.
* If "Allow All" has been selected, go on with the next SP.
* Otherwise:
* Check that only 1 IdP has been selected and it is a VO (Entity ID should start with https://engine.surfconext.nl and end with vo:....)
* Select the id of the VO. For instance 'managementvo' in: https://engineblock.surfconext.nl/authentication/idp/metadata/vo:managementvo
* Go to the Metadata tab.
* Add the coin:default_vo_id attribute.
* Fill the previously copied VO id in.
* Save.
* Go back to the "Identity Provider (IdP)" tab.
* Check 'Allow All'.
* Save.

Next delete all VO Idps:
* Go to the dashboard
* Go to the 'Admin' tab
* Go to the 'Connections' sub-tab
* Click Delete for all VO Idps (start with https://engineblock.surfconext.nl and end in vo:....)

Make VERY sure you have done this for the Service Registry SP and the manage SP before updating EngineBlock.

* Vhost modifications? *

Update notes
------------

Database patches are now done soley with:
./bin/migrate

NO LONGER with:
./database/update

The LDAP schema is updated. Import the addDeprovisionWarningSentAttributes.ldif (found in ldap/changes/) file into the LDAP configured for
Engineblock. Use an administrative user for the import that has access to the cn=config tree.

Restart the LDAP server to make the changes active

Post-update actions
-------------------

* Create a cron job that checks whether users need to be deprovisioned.
    - Configure the cronjob using curl. the endpoint is: https://engine-internal.{dev/test/acc/prod}.surfconext.nl/cron/deprovision. Let the cronjob run every day once.

Quick Test Plan
---------------

* How to quickly test that all functionality is working *
